you
having a very good experience including
inimical winery I love it because it's
like a very traditional environment a
million winery and its really really
nice and of course I am learning so many
things support with different wines
especially with it with all these
productions of chemical to around the
vineyard very nice the historical
buildings are wonderful beautiful we got
to see how they made the wines in the
past and how they make them today oh
that was amazing we had the chance to go
to the across the winery through the
anson buildings and the Chavez and the
places where the wine was made and we
had an excellent instructor which showed
us all the beautiful things about our
this winery is a fun fun day we have
learned about wine and history of Costa
Luna good and I have met many
interesting people we saw like how the
wine is the the grape is cultivated and
then how they store the wine and
let it all Aiden and then to the final
production in the bottle like the ball
in process a bit activities we had with
people getting to know and talk to other
people that you normally don't get to to
know and interact with and I like the
the whole scenery or the whole scenario
make for this event
first was the speed networking we got to
talk to everybody in quick sessions get
to know where they're from their names
what they do and everything in English
of course in the first activity which is
called the speed networking we have the
chance to meet all the participants in a
very fun and very dynamic way we had
like one minute and a half to get
introduced to everybody I really enjoyed
the speed networking activity as a
teacher I was able to be involved in it
and with the I like when there's
programs where you can interact and
there's an ice-breaking activity which
was really easy way to get to know
people on a more confidential level so I
thoroughly enjoyed getting to know the
students better it made the process
easier this program easier when we went
on the tour to be able to speak with
everyone and have a relationship with
everybody so fun to this opportunity to
meet a lot of people different people
and being here and continue my cool and
landing about wine and everything the
experience was just awesome really fun
the time just pass it really fast I
could meet really nice interesting
people and my level of English I guess
that in these three hours just went up
you
fine presentation that was like getting
everything together we had the chance to
taste the wines to apply what we have
learned about the wine tasting and we
had to present on our partners or we
have learned and how we have enjoyed the
day and the way we work the wines we
tasted them which was very good the best
part of the whole activity and we ended
up making a presentation about aroma's
tasting body texture everything I think
it was great because you worked on an
organization of a speech how to present
a speech and it got them in an
uncomfortable position where they had to
speak English out loud in front of
others which is nerve-racking in any
language but it was very nice and it was
another moment where we were able to
interact with everybody and had a great
time and I think my team did great I
learned many things above lying about
the the types of why the red the Rosa
white how to harmonize the wine with the
food
yes it was really good luck
I completely thank you never see a
mature for this invitation it was an
extraordinary experience thank you for
the invitation université de mayo and we
keep in contact to to design our English
teaching programs for the each other
thank you to onii-sama you for this
opportunity it was a great time thank
you it was very it was a lot of fun and
and then we had to bring some wines home
so everything was perfect they were very
nervous especially the speak in front of
others so once they got over that and
then they had their liquid courage with
a little bit of wine they did fantastic
you